Update doc to include requirements for executing browser tests (#28239)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/troubleshooting/_index.md

Confirm you are not seeing [out of memory issues][102] with your private location deployments. If you have tried scaling your workers instances following the [dimensioning guidelines][103] already, reach out to [Datadog Support][104].

> ### Requirements for browser tests running on private location

Reviewer: The other headings describe the error, not the requirements. Can you rephrase this to describe the error the user might get? Perhaps the following:
```suggestion
### "No new privileges flag is set" error appears
```

Author: The customer wouldn't necessary even know how to find the error that the Private Location is reporting, and so if we make the error the heading customers may just gloss through the doc and miss it.

> Browser tests require elevated privileges in order to spawn (when the test execution starts) and kill (when the test execution ends) the browser process. If your private location is configured with a security context that restricts elevated privileges, then the private location will emit error logs when the browser test is executed. The reported logs will vary based on the browser that is selected for test execution. Tests executed on Chrome/Edge will report

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Browser tests require elevated privileges to spawn (when the test execution starts) and kill (when the test execution ends) the browser process. If your private location is configured with a security context that restricts elevated privileges, then the private location emits error logs when the browser test is executed. The reported logs vary based on the browser that is selected for test execution. Tests executed on Chrome/Edge report the following error:
```

```
Critical error in startBrowser: Failed to launch the browser process!
sudo: The "no new privileges" flag is set, which prevents sudo from running as root.
sudo: If sudo is running in a container, you may need to adjust the container configuration to disable the flag.
```

> and Firefox will report

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Firefox reports the following error:
```
